Update Keycloak docs (#1093)
Quansight/qhub: docs/source/installation/login.md

# Login

> [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) is the name of the open source user management software that's automatically deployed within QHub. It's used to store the database of all users in your QHub site, and can provide connectivity to other services such GitHub/Auth0 single-sign on.

Author: You're right, "instance" is better than "site".

If you ran `qhub init` to create your `qhub-config.yaml` configuration file in the [Usage](usage.md) step, you will have been provided with a `random password for Keycloak root user`. The password will also be visible in the `qhub-config.yaml` file under the `security.keycloak.initial_root_password` field.

The `root` Keycloak user is only able to login and manage the Keycloak identity management section of QHub. It's not a user of the wider QHub data science platform.

## Change Keycloak root password

After the inital deployment, it is **highly** recommended that you change the Keycloak `root` user password as soon as you can.

> > NOTE: From this point on, the `security.keycloak.initial_root_password` field in `qhub-config.yaml` has no effect. If you redeploy QHub it will not reset the password back to the old one (or anything else that might be in the field in your YAML file). You can delete that line from your YAML file if you wish.

Author: Done.

> > NOTE: From this point on, the `security.keycloak.initial_root_password` field in `qhub-config.yaml` has no effect. If you redeploy QHub it will not reset the password back to the old one (or anything else that might be in the field in your YAML file). You can delete that line from your YAML file if you wish.

Author: ```suggestion
> NOTE: From this point on, the `security.keycloak.initial_root_password` field in `qhub-config.yaml` has no effect. If you redeploy QHub it will not reset the password back to the old one (or anything else that might be in the field in your YAML file). We strongly recommend you delete this field.
```

All QHub users will be part of the `qhub` realm (a realm is a distinct identity provider and set of users in Keycloak). Note that the root user alone is a member of the `master` realm.

The `qhub` realm should be selected by default.

Click 'Users' along the left-hand side of the page.

Click the 'Add user' button and you will see the new user form:

> ![Add User to Keycloak](../images/keycloak_add_users.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Keycloak add user tab screenshot - new user form ](../images/keycloak_add_users.png)
```

> There are three fields, outline above, which should be filled out.These are 'Username', 'Email', and 'Groups'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three fields, outlined above, which should be filled out.These are 'Username', 'Email', and 'Groups'.
```

> Depending on the authentication provider selected ('password', 'GitHub' or 'Auth0'), the values entered into the 'Username' field will differ slightly. The following table outlines those differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the authentication provider selected ('password', 'GitHub' or 'Auth0'), the values entered into the 'Username' field will differ slightly based on the case. The following table outlines those differences:
```

Author: Personally this wording sounds a bit off. I'll see if I can't rework it.

|   | Password  | GitHub  | Auth0   |
|---|---|---|---|
| Username | *unique username*  | *GitHub username* | *Email to login with* |

Once the 'Username' field has been updated, please add a valid email address in the 'Email' field.
> NOTE: although not required, users may not be able to log into Graphana if this field is not properly set.

Lastly, associate the user with one or more of the 'Groups'. By default, QHub is deployed with the following groups: 'admin', 'developer', 'practitioner' and 'viewer' (see below for more information about 'Groups').
> NOTE: users will not be able to log into JupyterLab if the user is in the 'viewer' group or if this field is unset.

Enter the name you would like for the user then click 'Save'.

Once the user has been created, you can set a password
> NOTE: not needed for GitHub/Auth0 based authentication.

> ![Set Password in Keycloak](../images/keycloak_user_password.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Keycloak add user > credentials tab screenshot - set password](../images/keycloak_user_password.png)
```

![Login to Keycloak](../images/keycloak_qhub_login.png)

> If you chose GitHub or Auth0 login, click the 'GitHub' button to be taken to a GitHub login page and single-sign on from there (as shown in the screenshot above). Otherwise, if you choose 'Password' based authentication, enter the username and password you chose when you added a user to QHub above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you chose GitHub or Auth0 login, click the 'GitHub' button to be taken to a GitHub login page and single-sign-on from there (as shown in the screenshot above). Otherwise, if you choose 'Password-based' authentication, enter the username and password you chose when you added a user to QHub above.
```

# Groups

Groups represent a collection of users that perform similar actions and therefore require the similar permissions. By default, QHub is deployed with the following groups: 'admin', 'developer', 'practitioner' and 'viewer'.

| Group | Access to QHub Resources |
|---|---|
| 'admin' | all resources  |
| 'developer' | JupyterLab, Dask, Graphana, Dashboards, Conda-Store  |
| 'practioner' | JupyterLab, Dashboards  |

> | 'viewer'  | Dashboards  |

Author: @danlester @costrouc could one of you please help me verify that this is indeed the case? I can't seem to tell when reviewing the specific group's mapped roles if this is correct. 

I added these based on memories of earlier discussions...

Reviewer 2: Right now when you create new groups they must be under the `projects` group in the hierarchy for example `projects/group-A`.

Reviewer 2: Also need to correct the viewer and practitioner groups:
 - viewer has read access to some conda-store environments and read access to grafana
 - (practiontioner at the moment is really just (developer - dask access)

> To create new groups or modify (or delete) existing groups, login as `root` and click 'Groups' on the left-hand side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create new groups or modify (or delete) existing groups, log in as `root` and click 'Groups' on the left-hand side.
```

> As an example, we create a new group named `conda-store-manager` and this group will have administrator access to Conda-Store service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, we create a new group named `conda-store-manager` and this group will have administrator access to the Conda-Store service.
```

> ![Add Groups to Keycloak](../images/keycloak_groups.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Keycloak group tab screenshot - user goups view](../images/keycloak_groups.png)
```

To create a new group, click 'New' in the upper-right hand corner. First, give the new group an appropriate name.

> ![Give the new group a name](../images/keycloak_new_group1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Keycloak add group form - name field set to conda-store-manager](../images/keycloak_new_group1.png)
```

Then under 'Role Mapping', add the appriopriate 'Client Roles' as needed; there should be no need to update the 'Realm Roles'. In this example, the new group only has one mapped role however it's possible to attached multiple 'Client Roles' to a single group.

> ![Select from client roles](../images/keycloak_new_group2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Keycloak group conda-store-manager form - role mappings tab focused with expanded client roles  dropdown](../images/keycloak_new_group2.png)
```

> ![Assign permissions to the new group](../images/keycloak_new_group3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Keycloak group conda-store-manager form - role mappings tab focused ](../images/keycloak_new_group3.png)
```

> Once complete, return the 'Users' section and add the relevant users to this newly created group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once complete, return to the 'Users' section in the dashboard and add the relevant users to this newly created group.
```
